The founder is Irish, Spanish, Native American and Mediterranean I'm a Moore, Chapman, Little, Vaughn, Turner, Spencer, Lyon, Hathaway, and McCaulley. Jonathan tested as a INTJ-T top 1% personality of the population and Royal Society of the Arts Fellow. Went to Sullins Academy and St Annes Catholic School starting in 1984. Went to Hollins Communications in 1989 in Roanoake Va, right next door the a entertainment law firm. Now Anglican, Computer Science

In High School took AP English and AP Biology and obtained Mosaic the Web Browser. Company Founder made straight A's in College, Made Flash and Ideaworks Vecta 3D active desktop templates and folder views for Windows XP in 2001. A Ivy League College Graduate. and an 3.5 GPA at UVa in 2013 with as Virginia Scholar Award. Was ACM Vice President of the UVa Wise chapter from 2011-2013. And met Harvard's author Steven Pinker at UVa-Wise. and grant letter from President Obama. And now invest in bonds and non volatile funds. Since 2015 With intracompany Email from Microsoft Co-Founder Bill Gates and Steve Ballmer and a 20 year Microsoft partner with official Windows 8 Storyboards and fixed variable revenue. Which was featured in MSDN Magazine. And have MFC, COM COM+ Win32 and .NET Framework Projects. And Working on UNIX and OpenVMS Win32 ports. Our business is UX, Virtualization, and Operating System Theory The founder is Windows 7 Internals and Network+ Certified.

in 2001 Intel Sponsored my kernel Jonathan wrote for IA-64 its now x86 and being developed for NetBSD and MINIX first. Jonathan is at version 3.2 with redendent OVA backups.

Jonathan's first open source operating system was OpenBSD 2.3 and had a net worth of $500K or over at the age of 24 at Edward Jones Investments. At the time the most secure operating system according the NSA maybe still is.

We are a S corporation with Dunn and Bradstreet. with a Macromedia Patent with a $6.3 million taxed capital gain and another $6 million in unrealized gains. We have a extended Microsoft tender offer from 2006. We will use a 1040 Schedule E to report. He has been a diagnosed lisp and am a moderate. Through a psychologist used to be right brain dominant now a moderate. We use the Microsoft Loopback Test connector for Microsoft Research's Singularity communication. I have a complete Microsoft research proposal. And benefits from Microsoft's Midori Lawler. And my apply for the payroll protection program.

Jonathan is 45 and has been helping Microsoft with a Dev Drive for Windows 11 through Microsoft Collaborate and Virtual Box he can build Windows XP and 2003 from source as well as SCO's Open Server in XP's Services for UNIX. Microsoft uses UNIX System 7 and BCPL. Microsoft Windows XP is in support in Visual Studio 2019 until 2029 so is the .NET Framework 3.5. There is a difference between .NET and the .NET Framework. We are with Merrill Lynch. We gave a financial gift to the University of Washington in the memory of his parents and for future work with AT&T on UWIN. The AT&T UNIX Subsystem for Windows or MKS Toolkit. We were contracted by VMS Software to port VMS to x86 in their early adopters program. We almost have every version of the Windows SDK's and DDK's with Reference Source from 2009 with the .NET Framework 8.0 with true type source. Windows Research Kernel, Curriculum Kit, Walnut Creek Collection. and Windows Code Pack API. and Spec#

We want to run a PDP-11, the MITS Altair, Macintosh G4, for Visual C++ 4.0 MIPS, and RISC editions and a Jazz Computer. We need MIPS emulation for NetBSD MIPS architecture for symbols. We have TRS-80's with XENIX and Microsot LISP. and HP's We also want to run DEC UNIX. and Intel UNIX. We have the OpenVMS archive which is David Cutler's OpenVMS to NT work. We are IEEE, ACM and USENIX Members. We are investing in quantum for the mythical Windows 200. With email from David Wrecker. Apple has a rivalry between System V Unix and BSD Unix. We are studying Complex Adaptive Systems at Udemy in a MOOC and want to do business with Redmond's XKL for a TOAD-2. And AVT for VAX emulation. The Founder has submitted his application to Bell Labs as a distinguished academic partner status pending. We have all the software just need the hardware or virtualization. We also have a technical Microsoft case open for Bizspark retail and access to Code Center Premium because of Windows CE access in Bizspark. We have System V source but no current contract with AT&T at the moment.

We've sued the Linux trademark for false open source advertising and poor refactoring at Microsoft Legal. We support Microsoft's One Core Engineering team. In the Windows 10 Driver kit's. In the past we've used Mac's and Windows PC's just with the same userland applications for 25 years Jonathan's family started with a TRS-80 running TRS-DOS and XEINX in 1984 and bought Jonathan a IBM Aptiva with home director in 1995 for high school graduation. We make head nodes that utilize Microsoft's HPC Pack and connect to Microsoft Azure Data Centers for home owners. We are also learning how to use Matlab and VHDL. We may specialize in CapEx and OpEx eventually. Jonathan still invests in nonvolatile stock like bonds and mutual funds with a lot of shares in the funds. And has one M&A shareholders equity exit. We are understanding intangible assets and real estate.

The value of the owner𠏋 equity is increased when the owner or owners (in the case of a partnership) increase the amount of their capital contribution. Also, higher profits through increased sales or decreased expenses increase the amount of owner𠏋 equity.

The owner can lower the amount of equity by making withdrawals. The withdrawals are considered capital gains, and the owner must pay capital gains tax depending on the amount withdrawn.

The founder Jonathan has a famous technical case at Microsoft with https://referencesource.microsoft.com/

Jonathan lives in historic Abingdon, Va. and owns two homes. And was placed on child benefits after his mother died. Working on family trust by putting property and certainty of invention in the trust as shares to have income as dividends. His Working Capital or Net Worth is high and there are lawsuits for unpaid startup salaries dating back to 2011 pending at Microsoft Legal. Our Working Capital Includes Prepaid Expenses: All of the value for expenses paid in advance. Though it may be difficult to liquidate these in the event of needing cash, they still carry short-term value and are included.Cashing out shares converted into the right to receive the Cash Merger Consideration pursuant to this Section 2.02. He wrote his thesis in 2004 on Stanfords webbase and since has become a SEP friend of Stanford and Washington University. Nsquared solutions and SQL server sales 2006-2011. He recieved a Microsoft tender offer in 2006 extended for 75 years an is eligible for company merger.

He has Open Group Sources 1995-present, GNU, Apache and Perl, Micosoft UNIX Licenced Source 1974-2012, SUSE Source Cache, Microsoft Samples 1974-present, And MSDN Magazine Partner Source from Component Source. Microsoft Code Center Priemium, Every Windows SDK and DDK And Visual Sudio 2003, 2005, 2017 Source. Plus Microsoft Research and Code Plex Archive. Macromedia Flash 4 Source now in the Computer History Museum. Adobe Source Libraies Etc, Sauerbraten Cube 2 Source. IRCAM Sources. His Northrup Grumann Mars Rover which he was lead Software Engineer on in college. Was featured in MSDN Magazine for Javascript Essentials which was taken over by Mads. My Company is doing well in with Windows 2000, XP/2003, and 7/2008 R2 HPC. However we do not see a future at Microsoft past Windows 2012 R2 with MKS Toolkit. We did research in Microsoft Research's Barrelfish at UVa in 2011. We are investing in Ubuntu 16.04 LTS until 2026. Windows Server 2003 was released on his birthday. He contributed to the Shared Source Common Langauge Infustructure 1.0 in 2002. The common type system and the PAL. Through several serverity A technical cases.